Add contributing.md fixes #927 (#928)
mozilla/experimenter: contributing.md

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Filing an issue

1. Look for a similar issue that may already describe the proposed changes.

> 1. If none exists, create a new issue and describe the proposed changes.

Reviewer: I can't think of a better phrase right now but the issue shouldn't describe the proposed changes. It should describe the bug, problem, desired feature, etc.

Author: @peterbe That's what I meant by change, not implementation.

Author: @peterbe I removed the word 'change' from the issue process entirely.

1. Apply any relevant labels to the issue and set the milestone to Backlog.

## Pull Request Process

1. Find the issue that describes the changes you are going to make.  If no issue exists

> for the changes you want to make, see above and file an issue describing the changes, then

Reviewer: The issue shouldn't describe the changes. The pull request description should do that. However, the issue should describe the problem addressed.

Author: @peterbe I think you're conflating change with implementation?

Reviewer: I don't understand that reply. The sentence is "file an issue describing the changes". That to me sounds like "file an issue describing the implementation changes to be". I.e. the *issue* description talking about what's *going to change* or what's *going to be implemented*. 

It's hard to argue on English'y stuff for a non-native speaker, as I always assume that I'm most likely wrong, but my intention to say is this:

* GOOD issue description: *"Clicking the Save button causes an error."*
* BAD issue description: *"Prevent the Save button being clickable if [condition]"*
* GOOD Pull Request description: *"Prevent the Save button being clickable if [condition]"*
* BAD Pull Request description: *"Clicking the Save button causes an error."*

I'm definitely not going to hold up *this* PR. These are merely my reactions and 2-cents jotted down from reading the proposed new text.

Author: @peterbe Okay I'll **_change_** the wording ;)

continue to the next step.

1. Assign the issue to yourself, and change the milestone from Backlog to the currently active

> milestone.

Reviewer 2: It would help to decide how we plan on organizing work.  Milestones? Projects? Both?  

I prefer we stick to *just* projects right now.   They can do what milestones do (show progress) and give us a trello like view.  I think our goals are small enough that we don't need to have to use both.  The contributing docs should point this out. 

If we have a really huge project, then we can break it down into milestones.  Though I'm not quite sure how elegant that is with GH.

Author: @mostlygeek I've been using Projects to track large bodies of work and Milestones to track releases.  That's worked well for me so far.  Using milestones to track releases makes it easy to reflect to QA which issues were closed in a given release, and to historically reconstruct when things were deployed.

1. Create a branch in your local fork with the issue number in the name.

1. Implement the code changes described by the issue.  All Python code changes should
be accompanied by any relevant tests, either by modifying existing ones or adding new 
ones.  Front-end changes (HTML/CSS/JS), and infrastructure changes (Docker related things)
do not require tests.

1. When all your changes are complete to your satisfaction, run `make check` to run the
full test, linting, formatting, and coverage suites.  Fix any linting issues or breaking tests, 
and make sure coverage remains at 100% by adding new tests for any uncovered lines.

1. When all tests and checks are passing, commit all your changes into a single commit and name 

> the commit with a brief description of the change and 'fixes #123' where #123 is the issue number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the commit with a brief description of the change and `fixes #123` where `#123` is the issue number.
```

Author: Fixed

You can add any additional descriptive information to the message body of the commit, but the issue 
number must be present in the first line of the commit.  Example: `Add new dashboard link fixes #123`

1. Push your branch up to your fork and submit a pull request on to master.  Add any additional 
information you'd like to the pull request body, including descriptions of changes, screenshots
of any UI changes, special instructions for testing, etc. 

1. Find a reviewer.  If you're not sure who should review, please contact us on #experimenter on

> [IRC](https://wiki.mozilla.org/IRC).

Reviewer: Not Slack?

Author: I think we should still refer to the IRC channel in the publicly facing documentation becuase non Mozilla employees won't have access to the slack.

> 1. If you receive feedback that requires changes to your pr, make the changes locally, and then 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you receive feedback that requires changes to your pull request, make the changes locally, and then 
```

Author: Fixed

> ammend them to the commit you submitted rather than adding additional commits.  A PR will only be

Reviewer 3: I personally don't like this at all. I'm ok with squashing the PRs at the end, but squashing during review puts a lot of burden on the reviewer to untangle the differences between revisions. Github is getting better at this, but it's still not good enough to demand every revision be squashed during review in my opinion.

Author: @mythmon Good point, if we can accomplish the same effect by using the 'Squash and Rebase' button then squashing before pushing isn't necessary.

merged if the entirety of the change is contained in a single commit that references the issue
number.

> 1. Thank you for submitting changes to Experimenter :D

Reviewer: This is cute but not helpful.

Author: @peterbe I think a little gratitude can be very helpful for creating a positive environment and encouraging contribution :)

when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting the project team at [INSERT EMAIL ADDRESS]. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that
is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is
obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.
Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good
faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other
members of the project's leadership.

### Attribution

This contributing.md is adapted from https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426

> This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,

Reviewer 3: Would it be more appropriate to tie this to the Mozilla [Community Participation Guidelines](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/)?

Author: Done!

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

## Code of Conduct

Please note we have a [https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/](Code of Conduct), please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

> ## Filing an issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Filing an Issue
```

ones.  Front-end changes (HTML/CSS/JS), and infrastructure changes (Docker related things)
do not require tests.

1. When all your changes are complete to your satisfaction:
  - Run `make check` to run the full test, linting, formatting, and coverage suites.
  - Fix any linting issues by running `make code_format` or by hand if the auto formatter is unable to fix it.
  - Fix any broken tests
  - Ensure coverage remains at 100% by adding new tests for any uncovered lines.

1. When all tests and checks are passing, commit all your changes into a single commit and name
the commit with a brief description of the change and `fixes #123` where `#123` is the issue number.
You can add any additional descriptive information to the message body of the commit, but the issue
number must be present in the first line of the commit.  Example: `Add new dashboard link fixes #123`

1. Push your branch up to your fork and submit a pull request on to master.  Add any additional
information you'd like to the pull request body, including descriptions of changes, screenshots
of any UI changes, special instructions for testing, etc.

> 1. Find a reviewer.  If you're not sure who should review, please contact us on #experimenter on

Reviewer: I'm not sure you can assign a reviewer if you don't have elevated permission to the repo. Right? So if you're a contributor all you can do is create the PR and if, by some luck, you know who should look at it you can get their attention with a @ mention in the description. 

So, we could say "Request a reviewer if you have access to do so. If not, leave the reviewer unset and the core team will triage it and assign a reviewer." 

Also, an interesting topic is for the core team; if you have a PR but don't really care about who does it as long as it's anybody-but-self. What do you do? Leave it unset? Or request a review from all other core team members hoping that the first one to react starts reviewing. 

Actually, I think, if I request a review from you, and him, and her, I expect that *they all* review. And that's a big ask.

Author: @peterbe Yeah I see what you mean, but I think if someone doesn't have permissions for the repo then just going to IRC and asking is their only recourse and it's stated clearly.  As far as the more nuanced matter of who on the team should review each others code, always assign to me and if I can't do it I will throw it to @mythmon and run away before he can refuse.

Reviewer 3: Github also has a feature where you can request/require review from a certain team or set of users, without individually requesting it. That might be a more scalable solution we can explore in the future.

Reviewer: Wow!! 
<img width="342" alt="screen shot 2019-02-27 at 8 15 21 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26739/53492870-e6d0d900-3a67-11e9-81f7-f677ae0098b8.png">
